= splat

small gem to provide an adapter for various platform specific features.

This is done by adding the following methods to String:

* to_editor
* to_browser
* to_clipboard
* to_speech
* to_launcher
* to_player
* to_os_path

== installation

  gem install splat

== load

  require 'splat'

== launch editor

  'current content'.to_editor

Defaults to notepad on windows and vim everywhere else. Set "EDITOR" environment variable to override this.

== browser automation

  'http://www.google.com'.to_browser

Returns a watir compatible browser using watir-webdriver.

== clipboard

  'some new content'.to_clipboard

Copies the string to the os clipboard. Requires 'xclip' on linux.

== default application launcher

  'http://google.com'.to_launcher
  'textfile.txt'.to_launcher
  'audiofile.mp3'.to_launcher

Launches the referenced content with the default system application. Requires 'gnome-open' on linux.

== audio player

  'audio.mp3'.to_player

Uses 'afplay' on mac os x, 'mpg123' on windows and 'mplayer' on linux.

== text to speech

  "I'm afraid. I'm afraid, Dave. Dave, my mind is going.".to_speech

Uses 'say' on mac os x, win32 sapi on windows and espeak on linux.

== path cleaning

  'c:/a/path/that/might/upset/some/windows.application'.to_os_path

This will simply replace '/' characters with '\' on windows and otherwise leave the path as is.

Note that this is only necessary for passing a path to native windows applications on windows.

== Future plans for world domination

* detect other platforms
* more configurable
* determine 1.9 compatibility